[WNMGDS-2107] DMS migration into doc site (#2284)
CMSgov/design-system: packages/docs/content/guidelines/print-guidelines.mdx

---

> title: Print guidelines

Reviewer: I imagine we want this to show up at the bottom of the list in the nav instead of the top, so we should specify an order here like
```suggestion
title: Print guidelines
order: 40
```

---

## Print goals
When converting content on a website to content for print it is important to focus on these primary goals in order of priority:

- Readable - This is a priority and takes precedence over the other print goals.
- Reducing ink usage - Many over 65 users are on fixed income and don’t want to spend money to buy more ink for their printers. It is important to be considerate of ink usage when thinking about printing format. 

> - Reducing paper usage - The over 65 audience is known to print more often then the general user. User’s would generally prefer to print on less pages to reduce paper usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reducing paper usage - The over 65 audience is known to print more often than the general user. Users would generally prefer to print on fewer pages to reduce paper usage.
```
